fastlane documentation
================
# Installation

Make sure you have the latest version of the Xcode command line tools installed:

```
xcode-select --install
```

Install _fastlane_ using
```
[sudo] gem install fastlane -NV
```
or alternatively using `brew cask install fastlane`

# Available Actions
### installProfiles
```
fastlane installProfiles
```
Installs any provisioning profiles in $PROFILE_DIRECTORY, relative to Fastlane's execution path.
### updateDependencies
```
fastlane updateDependencies
```
Updates project dependencies in Bundler and CocoaPods, then sends a pull request if there are changes
### sendUpdatePullRequest
```
fastlane sendUpdatePullRequest
```
Sends a pull request with the current changes to dependencies
### installKeychainsIfPossible
```
fastlane installKeychainsIfPossible
```
Installs the DL and project keychains if provided. This is a transitional API that should be removed once all projects move to keychain injections.
### removeKeychainsIfPossible
```
fastlane removeKeychainsIfPossible
```
Removes the DL and project keychains if provided. This is a transitional API that should be removed once all projects move to keychain injections.
### installDLKeychain
```
fastlane installDLKeychain
```
Installs the DL keychain. Must provide path (or DL_KEYCHAIN_PATH) and password (or DL_KEYCHAIN_PASSWORD) parameters.
### installProjectKeychain
```
fastlane installProjectKeychain
```
Installs the project keychain from a path relative to the root of the project. Must provide path (or PROJECT_KEYCHAIN_PATH), and password (or PROJECT_KEYCHAIN_PASSWORD) parameters.
### installKeychain
```
fastlane installKeychain
```
Installs a keychain by first copying it. Requires the keychain file path and password parameters.
### removeDLKeychain
```
fastlane removeDLKeychain
```
Remove the Detroit Labs keychain. Requires the DL keychain path, or for DL_KEYCHAIN_PATH to be set.
### removeProjectKeychain
```
fastlane removeProjectKeychain
```
Remove the project keychain. Requires the project keychain path, or for PROJECT_KEYCHAIN_PATH to be set.
### removeKeychain
```
fastlane removeKeychain
```
Removes a keychain by name by removing {name}Copy.

----

## iOS
### ios runTests
```
fastlane ios runTests
```
Runs all the tests.
### ios incrementBuildNumber
```
fastlane ios incrementBuildNumber
```
Sets the version number to the given version or, if none is given, increments it.
### ios setBuildNumberToCommitCount
```
fastlane ios setBuildNumberToCommitCount
```
Sets the build number to the current commit count.
### ios build
```
fastlane ios build
```
Build the archive and ipa with options (configuration (Release), include_bitcode (false), export_method (enterprise)).
### ios uploadToCrashlytics
```
fastlane ios uploadToCrashlytics
```
Upload a local IPA to Crashlytics with (group).

#### Options

 * **`generate_changelog`**: Whether or not to generate a changelog as the release notes (boolean – default: `false`)

 * **`changelog_source`**: The source to use to generate the changelog (e.g. `"git"`, `"jenkins"`, `"pr"` – default: `"git"`)

 * **`release_notes`**: A string to set as the release notes; overrides any generated changelog.
### ios beta
```
fastlane ios beta
```
Build and upload to Crashlytics with (configuration (Release)), (include_bitcode (false)), (export_method (enterprise)), and (group).
### ios betaQA
```
fastlane ios betaQA
```
Builds and uploads to Crashlytics a QA build.
### ios cleanupArchive
```
fastlane ios cleanupArchive
```
Deletes the archive generated by gym.
### ios cleanupSimulator
```
fastlane ios cleanupSimulator
```
Kills the simulator and background process.
### ios cleanup
```
fastlane ios cleanup
```
Cleanup simulator and build archives.

----

This README.md is auto-generated and will be re-generated every time [fastlane](https://fastlane.tools) is run.
More information about fastlane can be found on [fastlane.tools](https://fastlane.tools).
The documentation of fastlane can be found on [docs.fastlane.tools](https://docs.fastlane.tools).
